Bluetooth - fix a few errors and add security considerations (#32533)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/bluetooth/getavailability/index.md

{{securecontext_header}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Bluetooth API")}}

The **`getAvailability()`** method of the {{DOMxRef("Bluetooth")}} interface _nominally_ returns `true` if the user-agent the ability to support Bluetooth (because the device has a Bluetooth adapter), and `false` otherwise.

The word "nominally" is used because if permission to use the Web Bluetooth API is disallowed by the [`Permissions-Policy: bluetooth`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Permissions-Policy/bluetooth) permission, the method will always return `false`.

> In addition, a user can configure their browser to resolve with a particular value, which might not match whether or not a Bluetooth adapter is present, and this setting value be used if access is not blocked by the permission.

Author: That's much better, but need to be clear that the permission is always used (according to spec) irrespective of the user configuration.

```suggestion
In addition, a user can configure their browser to return `false` from a `getAvailability()` call even if the browser does have an operational Bluetooth adapter, and vice versa. This setting value ignored if access is blocked by the permission.
```

> I'm assuming this setting is different on each browser that supports the API. Are you able to link to an example of what this looks like in Chrome?

Correct, the spec doesn't say how this must be implemented. Only Chrome has done so, so they are the only case. But no, I can't find how this is set in the current version of Chrome chrome://settings/privacy and I don't feel the need to add it at this point.

### Return value

A {{JSxRef("Promise")}} that resolves with a {{JSxRef("Boolean")}}.

> The {{JSxRef("Promise")}} will resolve with a value of `false` if access is disallowed by [`Permissions-Policy: bluetooth`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Permissions-Policy/bluetooth), if the user has configured the browser to always resolve with `false`, or if the device does not have a Bluetooth adapter (and the user has not configured the browser to resolve with `true`).

Author: I've updated your change above to remove the addition of "powered" - the promise will resolve with `true` if the Bluetooth adapter is present but unpowered (in the absence of other conditions making it false).

My wording for the last sentence is actually "more correct", but I can see why you think it is overkill. I'll accept removal :-)
